Ah Qing Army Order
The Qing army order is only important under the Qing army
Coupled with this
Make this Lingwu still long
No Qing Army
That is to say
Qin Shao received the Qing army order
You can stand above ten thousand people
I didn't expect it.
Since the Qing army died with so much energy
Miss Wang
Qing Junling has become you, what else do you have to say?
That's not possible.
How could the Qing army protect an ungrateful person like you?
presumptuous
I don't hold the Qing army order
Like the Qing army clearing
Who gave you the guts to talk to me like that?
Did you see it?
Now the Qin army order is in my hands
The powerful in the world must also lower their eyebrows when they see me
You are an ant at the bottom of society
You don't even have the qualifications to bow down and kneel with me
But my lord has a lot of
I gave you this kind of person
All in my hand
Apologize to me.
The powerful in the world must also lower their eyebrows when they see you
Hahahaha what are you doing?
brother
This one
I sent it.
Now watch you dodge